Two small coins
Are all that she can give.
As she waits,
The courtyard echoes with bountiful gifts.
Lost in the crowd,
Like a single grain of sand,
Will her Father take note
Of the two small coins in her hand?
No matter how small,
Don’t wonder at all,
‘Does he notice my sacrifice?’
It’s not hard to believe
If we see how he sees—
If we see
through Jehovah’s eyes—
Two small coins.
Would she have thought
Of all she’d given before—
Of easier times
When she had the means to give so much more?
She drops in her coins,
Unheard by others around.
But for Jehovah God,
This small gift made a thunderous sound.
No matter how small,
Don’t wonder at all,
‘Does he notice my sacrifice?’
It’s not hard to believe
If we see how he sees—
If we see
through Jehovah’s eyes—
Two small coins.
He looks far beyond
what you and I see.
He knows
who we really are underneath.
He sees
all we can be.
No matter how small,
Don’t wonder at all,
‘Does he notice my sacrifice?’
It’s not hard to believe
If we see how he sees—
If we see
through Jehovah’s eyes—
Two small coins.
Do you see
through Jehovah’s eyes?